Assignment 4 Autograding Updates (#143)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-development: src/assignments/tech-jobs-persistent.rst

#. Run a new migration and update the database.

.. admonition:: Progress Check
   

>   **Testing:** You may now run the ``TestTaskOne.cs`` tests found in the ``Autograding Tests`` folder.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Testing:** You may now run the tests found in ``TaskOne.Test``.  
```

>   **Build:** You should be able to connect to your MySQL database and perform an initial migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Build:** You should be able to connect to your MySQL database and perform an initial migration.  Your project should open a localhost browser window, but not much else. You need to add more to your project.
```

   This way, if a user doesn't see the employer they are looking for, they can easily click on the link and add a new employer to the database.
#. In ``ProcessAddJobForm()``, you need to take in an instance of ``AddJobViewModel`` and make sure that any validation conditions you want to add are met before creating a new ``Job`` object and saving it to the database.

.. admonition:: Progress Check

>    **Testing:**  You can run the tests found in ``TechJobsPersistentAutograded.Test`` folder.  This folder contains all the tests for task 2.

Reviewer: s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Testing:**  You can run the tests found in ``TaskTwo.Tests`` folder.  
```

When you are able to add new employers and skills and use those objects to create a new job, you’re ready to un-comment and run the tests in ``TaskThree``.
If those tests pass, you are done! Congrats!

.. admonition:: Progress Check

>    **Testing:**  Run ``TestTaskThree.cs`` in the ``Autograding Tests``.

Reviewer: g

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Testing:**  Run the tests found in ``TaskThree.Tests``.
```
